#2024-03-22 [[2024-03-22 회사]]
info / allbranchArea : 
- [ ] Only logged in members can set points of interest.
- [ ] Interested Branch Ok
- [ ] delete this branch Ok

join / step01
- [ ] Agreement to Collect and Use of Personal Information(Required)
- [ ] Inpur numeric area code for driver's license issued after 2nd July 2014.

join / step02
- [ ] ex) yyyy-mm-dd The year of first license issuance is automatically
- [ ] ex) yyyy-mm-dd Indicate expiration date

login / login
- [ ] Remember ID

mypage / license
- [ ] 1. Purpose of Collection and Use of Personal Information ~
- [ ] You have the right to refuse consent, but you will not be able to use the car rental service if you refuse. 

mypage / main
- [ ] Sorry,  Payment is not possible 3 hours before the rental time. If you want like to pay, please contact the relevant branch or customer center (1588-1230)
- [ ] This is not a valid email format
- [ ] Please enter your authentication Number.

mypage / memberModifyRentcar
- [ ] 이메일 정보 입력하세요.

mypage / reservation 
- [ ] Sorry,  Payment is not possible 3 hours before the rental time. If you want like to pay, please contact the relevant branch or customer center (1588-1230).

mypage / reservationDetail
- [ ] Pickup/Return Service Charge
- [ ] Pre-order Discount
- [ ] Registration Card Discount
- [ ] L.POINT Point
- [ ] Rental point
- [ ] L.POINT
- [ ] Remaining Cost
- [ ] Other options
- [ ] Navigation(ENG)
- [x] Baby Seat
- [x] Car Seat - For New born
- [x] Car Seat - For Pre-school child
- [x] Car Seat - For Junior
- [x] Baby Carriage - Crossover
- [x] Baby Carriage - Portable
- [ ] Flight Infomation
- [ ] Airline/Flight name

mypage / reservationPay 
- [ ] error occured
1. ​ Announcement for temporary payment restriction
2. L.Pay service is temporarily unabailable due to maintenance.
3. We appreciate for your understanding. We will resume the service very soon.
4. We apologize for your inconvenience. 
- [ ] [Lpay] An error has occurred during payment process.
- [ ] [Lpay] An error has occurred during payment process.[F03]
- [ ] Registration has been completed. Please proceed your payment
- [ ] Event/Discount
- [ ] Method of Claim: Cancellation or No Show Fee will be deducted while rest of your payment will be refunded, OR your original payment will be canceled then the Fee will be charged.
- [ ] Click the "Payment" button, and you will be directed to the payment window.
---

